Sphinx documentation (#194)
NCAR/DART: assimilation_code/programs/restart_file_tool/restart_file_tool.rst

PROGRAM ``restart_file_tool``
=============================

Overview
--------

This tool still exists in the "Classic" release of DART but is no longer needed in the "Manhattan" release. DART initial

> condition and restart files are now in NetCDF format and any standard NetCDF tool can be used to manipulate them.

Reviewer: This file needs the boilerplate that states it is out-of-date with the warning/attention/banner common to all such files.

Reviewer: @timhoar     add old banner

Reviewer: done.

> Overview
> --------
> 
> This tool still exists in the "Classic" release of DART but is no longer needed in the "Manhattan" release. DART initial
> condition and restart files are now in NetCDF format and any standard NetCDF tool can be used to manipulate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. attention::

   ``restart_file_tool`` works with versions of DART *before* Manhattan (9.x.x) but is no longer needed. DART initial
   condition and restart files are now in NetCDF format and any standard NetCDF tool can be used to manipulate them.
```
